#campaign_notes #azebane_survival_guide

Azebane Survival Guide is the first campaign played in the world of [[Azebane]]. 
Party:
- [[Cheonma Muwi]]
- [[Elise]]
- [[Istara Galaxtien]]
- [[Livia]]
- [[Rarkon]]
- [[Rowan Embers]]
- [[Vaey Victus]]
- [[Valorian]]

# Act 1 (Introduction)
## Session 0
Livia, Istara and Victus first arrived in [[Fenhaven]] on [[Correlaire]] 5, 308 [[The Third Dawn|TD]]. They were all solo adventurers who had signed up so they decided to group up for the treasure hunt. They took a quest to investigate. The party found that [[Wererat|wererats]] were entering the basement from the sewers and stealing. The party defeated the wererats and received payment from the [[Gnome|gnome]] who put up the quest, Rasben Starkboot. They ended the night by sleeping in the cheapest tavern in the city.

## Session 1
When the party woke up, Larry had gone on a drinking spree. A gnome woman from the guild arrived to inform the party that the wererats they fought were not dead and attacked the gravekeeper before fleeing into the sewers. The party attended the start of the treasure hunt. The party accepted the first quest from the city alchemist to find potion ingredients and another from the guards to look for a group of thieves. They also spoke to a few birds to gather information regarding the quests. They must gather the following potion ingredients, 7 Blooms of [[Chasm Shrooms]], 12 Sprouts of [[Arcane Blossoms]], 5 [[Warts of the River]]. They obtained the River warts and fought some Giant [[Crocodiles]] by travelling north of the city through the river that flows through it. They collected its meat and paid the birds with it.

## Session 2
The party met with a new member, Rowan Embers. The party killed the bandits but were unable to get the bandits as well as the loot back, gaining them only one fragment of three. The birds also returned with [[Swamp Lily|Swamp Lilies]] which can be converted to Arcane Blossoms by treating with magic. The party slept at the tavern to end the day.

## Session 3
The part woke up on Correlaire 7 to find Rowan Embers missing from his room and decided to continue their journey. They travelled east from the city towards a chasm. Upon the chasm sits a [[The Simic Combine|Simic Combine]] [[Zonot]]. On the way they ran into a [[Troll]] alone which is rather uncommon. At the chasm they did not enter the Zonot and descended the chasm and found a mushroom laden cave. They fought some Giant [[Spiders]] and [[Ettercap|Ettercaps]]. 

## Session 4
The party met some [[Myconids]] and [[Kraul]] who took them deeper in the cave. They recognized the party as having a chosen of [[Psilofyr|The Carrion King]] and [[Kelemvor|The Judge of the Damned]] and since the party was respectful they did not attack. The Kraul are part of [[The Golgari Swarm]] and are now working with the Myconids of this world. There was a party of dead, less respectful adventurers being converted to fertilizer. The party was given the needed Chasm Shrooms on the condition they kill a [[Krasis]] that was causing trouble in the area. While leaving, the party met another group of adventurers, Rarkon, [[Athela Monsterrat]] and [[Ruby Chain]]. They decided to travel together for safety and were ambushed by a [[Plaxkrasis]]. The party slew the Plaxkrasis and a Kraul warrior who was following them gave the party their second fragment for their work. The party was impressed by Rarkon and he later joined the party and replaced Rowan. The party met up with the alchemist and Livia converted the Swamp Lilies into Arcane Blossoms using a [[Lesser Quintessence Array]].

## Session 5
The party levelled up to 4 and decide to run some errands in Fenhaven before heading towards the final section of the hunt. Istara and Victus visited the temple of Kelemvor where Istara gave a donation and officially began his journey to being a paladin of Kelemvor. He also took 1d4 psychic damage for the first time as he spoke [[Loki]]'s name when his blade was drawn. Victus got the tip to head to [[Einshold]] and visit a Library of [[Azuth]].  They also asked to purchase mounts but decided not to indulge. While travelling they fought some Scorpions, [[Meenlocks]] and [[Redcaps]].

## Session 6
The party rested outside the entrance to [[The Labyrinthine Dungeon]] where a lone warforged adventurer, Valorian, stumbled into their camp. His party had died and he decided to join this party as a last resort. The party rested and introductions were made in the morning on Correlaire 8 during which Istara's psychic damage activated again. The party delved into the depths and were warned by an injured party that the dungeon held some of the worst things they had experienced in their lives. The party moved on regardless and first fought a pair of [[Spectators]]. They then fought a [[Wight]] and a pair of [[Ogre Zombies]]. At 2/3 successes needed to reach the halfway point the party was pumped up with their success, unprepared for the upcoming room. The third room resembled an endless and open swamp where they saw a [[Catoblepas]] who proceeded to kill the entire party except Rarkon who escaped through the entrance. The party's remains were consumed by the ground which re opened into a familiar stone environment where they were resurrected with half their gold.

## Session 7
The party took some time to gather their bearing and calm down before being forced to trudge forwards. Valorian became non verbal and Livia and Rarkon gave up their gold to Istara so they wouldn't lose money. The last room before the halfway point, the party found themselves in a graveyard puzzle. They got to the halfway point and took a rest before moving forward. During this, Livia received a vision from The Carrion King. The party then continued forward found themselves in a field with crops growing and a man standing by a large cauldron. He gave the party a recipe of Green Delight Vegetable Stew in Draconic. Eventually they were able to locate the ingredients and prepare the stew to move forward. They battled a [[Fire Myrmidon]] and a pack of [[Gnolls]]. Lastly they fought a [[Blood Amniote]] before moving forward to the finale.

## Session 8
The final room of the dungeon opened up into a vast hellish landscape. There was another party present, the [[Anointed Legion of Asmodeus]]. Both parties rushed to obtain the gold stature at the end, battling a [[Babau]], [[Manticores]], Wretches of [[Kyuss]] and [[Star Spawn]] Grues. A tough battle ended with Livia permanently dead and the Anointed Legion winning. The Anointed legion stole the win from Livia who first picked up the statue. The party left dejected and waited outside the entrance for Livia to be resurrected. They party exited the the dungeon at 6pm and waited outside until about 2 am while the other adventurers exited and began travelling back to Fenhaven. At about 3 am Rarkon heard Livia scream in the woods and started running in that direction on all fours. They met a crystalline witch standing in a clearing surrounded by bodies and destroyed plant matter. The area was infused in fungal magic that was unlike Livia's. The party began infighting with Rarkon blaming Elise, Elise and Victus blaming Rarkon and Istara trying to maintain peace. Rarkon realized Elise was innocent and attempted to shoot himself to resurrect Livia using his [[Demon|demonic]] blood to perform a [[Blood Magic]] ritual. Elise stopped him and as the situation was calming down, the dead [[Shambling Mound]] was resurrected and attacked.

## Session 9
The party was able to kill the shambling mound using Elise's singularity and Victus' Moonbeam. The party and Elise walked back to Fenhaven. Upon returning to the city, they met with a gnome messenger from [[House Deneith]] telling them to go speak to the director of the Adventuring guild before sleeping. The director of the guild, [[Lord Eldevar Deneith]], third heir of House Deneith, expressed his concern for the party not returning on time. He apologized for Livia's death and said that the guild will be trying their best to get her out from the Labyrinth. He admitted that they didn't fully understand the dungeon and arent sure of its origins. The party left to sleep in the rooms purchased for them by the guild while Elise stayed back to talk to Lord Eldevar. Victus and Istara went to their rooms to sleep but Rarkon stayed in the tavern to drink. Elise spoke to Eldevar and she told him about the chance that Livia may have made a deal with [[Zuggtmoy]] but Eldevar said that it was impossible to enter the Labyrinth and there was no chance Zuggtmoy could reach. Elise brought up the possibility of Zuggtmoy being in the Labyrinth all along which concerned Eldevar. Meanwhile Istara spoke to his patron [[Aziraphale]]. He was transported into [[The Fugue Plane]] for the first time where Aziraphale greeted him. He said that he wanted to speak to Istara regarding something important. He asked Istara how the Treasure Hunt went and how the rest of the group was. He was upset to find that they had lost and thought Istara was joking when he said that Livia had died. He grew even more concerned to find that almost the whole party had died yet none of the souls had arrived in the Fugue Plane. He summoned [[Spirit of Death|Spirits of Death]] and [[Psychopomps]] to ask if anyone had reaped Livia's soul. After finding no results, he told Istara that he would try to find out why something like this happened and told Istara that he had been busy for the past few days due to work in [[Laikedrari]]. He gave Istara his task to complete to become a Paladin of [[Kelemvor]], which was to ensure that Victus remain on the correct path after which he was dismissed. This greatly upset Istara. Meanwhile, Elise was getting up from her talk with Eldevar when she began to hear the nostalgic songs that [[Umbra]] used to sing her during their time together. Her calm and focused demeanor broke as she rushed outside, hoping to meet him. Outside, just above the walls of the city, Umbra was floating but he had the crystalline growths that she did and behind Umbra there was a large Singularity, not unlike hers, growing larger and larger. It was able to pull the two moons and began to destroy the city around her until all of a sudden she was back in the room with Eldevar, just getting up when she heard [[The Song of the Spheres]] again. This time the song sounded different, more ethereal, stranger and as she rushed outside, Umbra was nowhere to be seen but as she looked into the sky, she knew that she too could now hear the songs that Umbra would relay to her. She recalled what Umbra had told her once before "One day, you will be able to hear the Song of the Spheres yourself, and I will be very proud of you."
## Session 10

The Session starts with Elise heading to the tavern to sleep but she spots a group of mercenaries entering using the east gate which is normally closed. She decides to follow them stealthily and sees them heading towards the city center but is interrupted by Rarkon who claims to be heading out for a walk. She, being suspicious of him, decides to follow him and they talk. Rarkon knows Elise distrusts him and he will show her his memories in Einshold in order to prove himself to her. With that, Elise heads back to the inn to sleep while Rarkon continues his walk.

4 hours later, in the morning, Istara and Victus wake up and head down for coffee. Rarkon, returning from his walk, joins them and so does Elise, just waking up. Istara talks about leaving the party and decides to follow the path of [[Bahamut]] and abandon Kelemvor. He was quite unhappy with his task to 'babysit' Victus and seeks to redeem himself. The rest of the party plans to head to Einshold after Livia's funeral in a few days. While they are leaving, they are interrupted by the Anointed Legion of Asmodeus who apologize to them about Livia's death. The party does not take this well.

The party heads out on a shopping trip but they spot commotion at the city center where they find the mutilated body of Rowan Embers. Upon investigating, Elise and Rarkon find a branding on his neck of the same symbol as the [[Church of the Broken Hammer]]. Rarkon tells Elise about his past with the Church and [[The Iron Revel]].