Elise is a [[The Corrupted|corrupted human]] born to a [[Yuan-Ti]] Pureblood mother, Eksolas, and [[Cursed Blood]] father, Jazaraud Ranakh. Her father was a wild blood, [[Blood Hunter]] and the mother a Wizard and both retired adventurers. The [[Hunter's Bane]] transformation should have made her father infertile but due to his cursed nature, it did not work correctly, causing the resulting offspring to be born corrupted.

Her father was travelling and had died by the time the mother found out she was pregnant. Even before she was born, Elise was devouring magic and matter which caused her mother to lose weight rapidly and impeded her ability to cast spells as well. Once Elise was born, she needed to constantly be fed magic or get sick. This resulted in her mother leaving her job at a magical academy in order to better take care of Elise. She studied the creation of magical batteries in order to prevent Elise from losing her magic and began research into ways to cure Elise. She began bleeding the wealth she had accumulated and eventually went deep into debt. 

 Eksolas' constant failure caused her to gradually lose her sanity as she would watch her daughter get closer and closer to death and was helpless. She began to stay in her tower for longer and longer durations of time and after a point would only leave in order to get resources to help Elise. She became more and more paranoid of others discovering Elise and how poorly it could go for her. The wizards from her former place of work found out she was losing her sanity and reported her to greater authorities. These authorities would travel to her tower where they apprehended her and took her into the Astral Plane to be imprisoned until cured. Eksolas, before her arrest, saw the authorities coming and hid Elise in the basement with all the accumulated arcane batteries.

Elise stayed there for what felt close 2 weeks, barely sustaining herself on the little food and water available to her. Once the arcane batteries began to run out, She started to feel unwell and began to attempt to leave but was unable to. She was in a near death state when she was found by [[Umbra]]. Once he found her, he gave her food, water and aether. Due to his unique way of casting spells, he didn't need a [[Lesser Quintessence Array]] in order to transfer mana to her. Once she was stable and able to talk he told her the same thing he would tell her when he left and several times in between.

"You, Elise, are a gift to this world. You have a chaotic and unstable, unprecedented beauty within you. A person born with the power of the Singularities that lie in the beyond. They are capable of devouring reality, bending it and creating it. You have the same power. Others have tried to cure you, fix you. There is nothing wrong with you. You only need to learn how to control it. The spheres beyond guided me to you. One day they will guide you too. That day we will have been blessed the stars beyond and I shall be very proud of you. Your hunger for magic is not a weakness you must learn to live with, it is a weapon you must learn to wield."

Through his occult rituals, he was able to create a link between himself and her, letting her feed on his magic directly. As they grew closer over the 13 years they spent together, so did the link, allowing his mana to be transferred over longer distances and faster. Day after day, Umbra would teach Elise how to control her magic, the way The [[Weave]] flowed and how she could harness it. Every night but two, she would sleep next to him, on his lap during her younger years, while he sang what he called the song of the spheres and told stories of all kinds. Each morning she would awaken and he would still be singing and telling stories. He didn't the first night they were together and he didn't one certain night. One night, when she lay on his lap, around 3 years they had spent together she asked him a question she hadn't before. "Where is you're home? Where do you come from?". He immediately stopped singing and speaking. He stared at her for a few moments, his mask like face betraying no emotion. He gently pushed her off his lap and walked down the stairs of the tower and outside. Elise was stunned and eventually followed him outside. He was standing not too far from the door, back to the tower, his head tilted up, facing the stars on the night sky. Elise ran over to him, tried to pull him and pleaded him to come back, in tears, apologizing for the question. He would not respond. An hour later, Elise would give up, retreating to her room and sleeping alone for the first time in her life. She would awaken to find him still there, staring into the sky. She tried everything she could to get him to budge, pleading, bringing him gifts, anything that she thought would work. Eventually night came once more and she walked back to her room to sleep, still tearing up. She was laying on the bed for a few minutes when Umbra would enter the room, walk over to the bed and ask her if she wanted to lay on his lap. She nodded and would drift off to sleep soon after with his songs and stories. This day would never be mentioned by either ever again and she would never ask him of his home but she noticed that night, the tear stains on his mask seemed to have grown ever so slightly.

Umbra, towards his last few years with Elise, would regularly teleport himself and her on expeditions. He had once before when Elise was much younger, around 11 years old, but he returned early when she was injured. They would travel across continents looking for rare trees, rumored to contain powerful Druidic magic. Rumor has it they were druid from the first dawn who were turned into trees as punishment for failing to protect the natural world before the cleansing. After collecting twigs of wood from these trees, called the [[Lignified Ascetics]], Umbra performed a ritual. Rituals were his specialty. He always told Elise she had a "chaotic and unstable beauty" within her. In his last year, when they had collected all the wood they needed, Umbra performed the ritual that the stars sang to Elise about, binding them "permanently and stronger than ever before", using what they had collected to create the staff she now carries.