Vulphateor is one of the countries in North [[Obseofaris]]. Its entire territory is one large plateau called [[The Seared Flats]] of Vulphateor. 

It is a large plateau 3 kilometers above sea level with its land rising above its surroundings like a flat wall. It is formed entirely of black and dark gray igneous rock like basalt with large onyx formations. The Seared Flats are peppered with large volcanoes and dozens of rivers of molten lava which form beautiful and deadly lava waterfalls at the borders of Vulphateor. This country is extremely hot at about 60ºC on average.

The capital is the largest volcano on Azebane called [[The Ashen Precipice]]. It is a large city of gray skinned [[dwarves|Dwarf]] called Basalt Dwarves, [[Salamanders|Salamander]] and [[Azers|Azer]]. Vulphateor is ruled by a triumvirate of 3 kings, one of each race. The dwarven king is [[Thyrebrum Flamestoker]], the salamander king is a millennia old Salamander Noble called [[Argoxacan]] and the leader of the Azers is named [[Amaimon]]. The Ashen Precipice is a massive city built around and inside an active volcano. There are 2 types of cities in Vulphateor, volcanic cities which are not very hospitable to those without fire resistance and a small number of strongholds with cold magic making it habitable for those without fire resistance and the place travelers most often visit to purchase metalwork. The country is most well known for its metalwork, gemstones and metals as dwarves, salamanders and azers are the best in all the realms.