Terretnal Ogres originate from Canriphus but have evolved a lot. They used to be giantkin, hence called [[Ogres]], in the ancient days when Canriphus was not covered in the Mists of the Shadowfell. While most of the inhabitants fled underground from the mists, the stubborn Terretnals persisted on the surface. Their blindsight let them survive on the surface for the most part but also left them unaware of the warping effects of [[The Mists of the Shadowfell|The Mists]]. They finally joined the other Canriphans underground when their people started disappearing into the Mists as they became more intense. The centuries of the [[Shadowfell]]’s presence had transformed their faces into unknowable terrors and their bodies into their current state. They were put into a holding chamber until their now iconic helmets were made. These helmets are magical (no attunement) and deactivate and open in an antimagic field. They can be opened by the wearer mentally but it is believed that they are ‘cursed’ to make the wearer reluctant to open up their helmet in presence of others.

Their culture has changed significantly in the millennia they have moved underground. They usually eat liquid or soft foods through straws when available and just shoveling it into their helmet if not. Solid foods are a rare delicacy for them only eating them in certain locations. There are special rooms in Terretnal Ogre houses for eating solid foods in solitude. Taverns and Inns on Canriphus, [[Ethualabos]] and in towns with significant Terretnal Ogre populations also commonly have similar rooms called ‘Gluttony Rooms’. Terretnal Ogre births are strange to say the least. The babies are fitted with their helmets seconds after being born under magical darkness by the midwife who has blindsight.