Age: 24
Lives upto 100

Rarkon is a [[Kijin]] [[Jaeger]] and Child of [[Baphomet]]. His mother, Torah Willowoak, was a human cleric who had travelled to [[The Abyss]] to battle Baphomet. He has an older brother named [[Cassadius]]. He and Cassadius were kept in Baphomet's [[Tower of Science]] where Baphomet and multiple [[Sibriex]] Fleshwarpers would experiment on and modify their body. At around 5 years of age he and Cass were given to a group of Baphomet worshippers that were part of the [[Church of the Broken Hammer]]. The Church raised and trained them along with several others including [[Valorian]] and   [[Kythraxeniel]].

At around 12 years of age, he and all the other kids under the Church decided to run away. Some of them were able to get away but Rarkon and his brother were separated. For the next 12 years he would keep travelling, going from place to place, afraid of settling down. He would eventually end up signing up with the Adventuring Guild of [[House Deneith]]. He would travel to [[Fenhaven]] in [[Aihareroth]] for the treasure hunt. He would be put in a team with [[Athela Monsterrat]] and [[Ruby Chain]]. He would leave that party and join the party of [[Azebane Survival Guide]]. He would travel, forming a close bond with [[Livia]] until her death. He would attempt to use his own demonic blood in order to attempt a resurrection of her.  This was halted by [[Elise]] who would go on to join the party.

The next day he would go on a walk with Elise who was trying to stalk a pair of Broken Hammer members. Eventually Elise would return to sleep while Rarkon would seemingly walk into the woods. Unfortunately for him, he would be intercepted by the Broken Hammers. Unlike his brother, Rarkon hadn't fully gotten over the reprogramming and manipulation he was subject to by the Church. The mercenaries were able to put him into a wild state, Rarkon, the Beast Within. They controlled him and made him kill those they had been hired to, [[Rowan Embers]], and his wife. They left a message that their daughter would be next and then left, still looking for her. Rarkon has no memory of this and only remembers going on a long walk in the woods. 

Later he would find his own handiwork and would recognize it as the work of the [[Church of the Broken Hammer]]. 

In Einshold, he hides his face in order to not be detected. On the second day, when he finds out that Cheonma is a conqueror, he realizes he has information that may get him out of trouble. He leaves to find a contact of his from [[The Iron Revel]], a Earth Genasi in the guard force of Einshold named Garnet. He meets Garnet and a human guard named John in a tavern not too far from the guard offices. He gives up all the information he knows about Cheonma and asks that the guards "handle" Cheonma. He asks the guards to keep an eye on Cheonma and do it when the time is correct. This