#country #obseofaris #south_obseofaris #stowyyth_dominion
[[The Stowyyth]] are a council of powerful warriors and warlords having dominion over [[The Scorched Expanse]]. It is a large barren desert with little sand. The settlements are spare but densely populated. It is surrounded by mountains or plateaus on all sides. [[The Torcaster Range]] to the south and west, [[The Skullborne Permafrost]] to the east and [[The Ridge Hills]] to the north. It has little water flow, coming only from the rivers flowing from the mountains and the coast in the north. The coast is called the Incinerated Seaboard.

The dominion is heavily guarded by powerful warriors trained by the Stowyyth. They generate their income by sending their highly trained army out as mercenaries and bounty hunters and selling raw materials found in the desert. They import large sand crawlers which are large, slow moving machines.

The capital is called [[Zalathar’s Respite]]. It is a sprawling city with a large fortress at the center and surrounded by massive curved stone spikes that make it look like the maw of some gargantuan creature.  The 20 storied fortress is the headquarters of the Stowyyth and is called [[The Tartaric Throne]]. They are known to have 2 special types of warriors that they train at this fortress, the Nullifier [[Blood Hunter]]s and Marauder [[Jaeger]]s. Another specialty of the Stowyyth are their tamed dinosaurs which they ride into battle, most commonly but not limited to [[Achillobator]] and [[Carnotaurus]]. 

[[Living Weapons/Zalathar, the Immaterial Maw]]mmaterial Maw]] was a massive half - dragon , half-elemental [[Living Weapon]]. It ruled the Scorched Expanse and killed any living creature it saw. It was finally killed by a group of 30 powerful warriors and mages while it was distracted by several hundreds of soldiers. The 7 surviving warriors founded the Stowyyth and took control of the desert. Its skeleton was broken down and parts of it can be found all across the [[Planes]]. Its skeleton now forms the perimeter for the capital which is the site of its defeat.

The coast is responsible for transporting water to the desert where the water can be separated into salt and water using the desert’s blazing heat. The coast also is a popular fishing spot which provided most of the food eaten in the Scorched Expanse as little crops can be grown in the blazing heat.