The capital, [[Khulzuus Keth]], is atop a massive and permanently frigid plateau made of basalt called the [[Skullborne Permafrost]]. The country is ruled by [[The Ceruminal]]. They are a council of 4 Clerics of each of the [[Gods]] of Death and a Cleric of [[Eilistraee]]. Burial rights are protected rigorously and the trading of bodies is legalized. Medical science is very advanced and even encouraged. [[Necromancy]] and the augmentation of living beings is practiced widely and openly. Sentient undead prefer living in [[Xeomidion]] because they are not feared or banned like in most other places.

The coast is a dense rainforest due the plateau blocking rain bringing winds. There is a massive cavern within the plateau connecting to the [[Underdark]]. The cavern is called [[The Mithral Subterrane]] due to it being rich in [[Mithral|mithral]]. The cavern contains the largest temple to [[Eilistraee]] and is the place where her conquest to free the [[Drow]] from [[Lolth]] began. They generate their income by providing medicine, metals, surgery, forest materials and basalt.

The rainforest has a tribe of good [[Yuan-Ti]]. The rainforest is populated by dinosaurs as well as regular animals. It is called [[The Wundaanbuur Wilderness]] after [[John Wundaan]], the human cartographer and explorer who documented and first mapped the jungle.

One of the most well known monuments of Xeomidion is known as the Hand of Five Gods. A Long Time ago, an ancient Black Dragon attempted to destroy the capital city of Xeomidion. During this [[The Ceruminal]] all wished for divine intervention and the Gods responded. The grave dirt of the city's expansive cemetery rose up in the form of a hand and grabbed and crushed the Dragon. The massive mountain sized hand remains as a massive monument, its palm open with the temple that [[The Ceruminal]] operates out of placed upon it. On the most chilling and stormy nights, a strange and large silhouette 